# packages in environment at /Users/cwayman/opt/anaconda3/envs/cfapi:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
anyio                     3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py38hef030d1_3    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.1.0             pyh71513ae_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
bleach                    6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                hb7f2c08_9    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                hb7f2c08_9    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.19.1               h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            h8857fd0_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py38hb368cf1_3    conda-forge
cftime                    1.6.2            py38hbd87e4b_1    conda-forge
comm                      0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.0            py38h15a1a5b_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.1.2                hbee3ae8_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.7            py38h4cd09af_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.40.0           py38hcafd530_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h3f81eb7_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h8a4c099_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.76.4               h7d26f99_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.76.4               h7d26f99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.22.4               hb5d3a86_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.4               h840fbdc_1    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               h7aa5921_5    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_h48135f9_101    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h96cf925_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.8.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.8.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.24.0             pyh5fb750a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.12.0             pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   hb7f2c08_3    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.18.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.6.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0            py38h50d1736_8    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.3.1            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py38h98b9b1b_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h049b76e_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 h29502cd_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hb486fe8_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                hf0c8a7f_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                hb7f2c08_9    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                hb7f2c08_9    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                hb7f2c08_9    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  13.0.1          default_h255f2f3_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.1.2                hbee3ae8_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    16.0.6               hd57cbcb_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.17                 hac1461d_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           11_3_0_h97931a8_31    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              he409387_31    conda-forge
libglib                   2.76.4               hc62aa5d_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hac89ed1_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm13                 13.0.1               h64f94b2_2    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.8.1           nompi_hebd45d5_104    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.52.0               he2ab024_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h35c211d_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          openmp_h429af6e_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                hc929b4f_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               ha978bb4_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.3                 h9dc22bb_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               h58db7d2_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               hd019ec5_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.0                hee9004a_2    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.1                h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h0d85af4_1004    conda-forge
libzip                    1.9.2                h6db710c_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               16.0.6               hff08bdf_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.3            py38hcafd530_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.7.2            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.2            py38h6e6aad2_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.33               hc6116ba_1    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.33               haa61052_1    conda-forge
nbclassic                 1.0.0              pyhb4ecaf3_1    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  hf0c8a7f_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.6.0           nompi_py38hbdcf7ac_103    conda-forge
notebook                  6.5.4              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 hea0b92c_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.89                 h78b00b3_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.4           py38h9a4a08f_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h13ac156_2    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.5            py38h51c390a_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hd23fc13_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.5.3            py38hec72209_1    conda-forge
pandoc                    3.1.3                h9d075a6_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                h1c4e4bc_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.4.0            py38hf04c7c8_1    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plotly                    5.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.17.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.39             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.39               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.5            py38hef030d1_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-core               9.2              py38h095c2e5_0    conda-forge
pyobjc-framework-cocoa    9.2              py38h095c2e5_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.7           py38h872f513_3    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.11.0          py38haf9be31_3    conda-forge
python                    3.8.17          hf9b03c3_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.17.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      3_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py38hef030d1_5    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.0           py38h3b70857_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8               h1d3b3f8_6    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.4.3              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h9e318b2_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.29.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.8.10           py38h7510fb3_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.2              pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.9            py38h940360d_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tenacity                  8.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.17.1             pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h5dbffcc_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3.2            py38hcafd530_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.7.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.7.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.0.0           py38hef030d1_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xarray                    2023.1.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               h0dc2134_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h775f41a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h8a1eda9_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h829000d_7    conda-forge
